So in the last lecture, we got started with workbox, we installed it and generated this first service worker
where it's already managing our static assets automatically.
Now a couple of things need to be fixed,
it's caching assets
we don't want to cache, like the different icons here and it also doesn't cache our fonts, our CSS
styles we're pulling in from a CDN for example.
That also is of course bad because due to that reason, our application doesn't work as it should.
Now we're going to fix this step-by-step,
let's start by making sure we only precache the items you want to precache and that's where this
workbox-cli-config.js file becomes important again. This file was generated automatically due to
our choices during the setup
but that's only a basic file or a basic version, we can tweak it to our needs,
so let me quickly walk you through the options you see here.
There you see the glob directory which just means, in which folder do the assets you want to cache live?
So here it's a public folder, then a pattern is defined, how can the individual files in that directory
here be identified and this pattern here simply says in any folder, any file name with any
of these extensions should be cached,
that's of course too ingeneric, so we're going to fix this soon.
We also have something else here, we define which files should be generated,
so which service worker should be generated
and you can also kind of combine these patterns with the ignore patterns and say I want to cache these
files but don't cache files with this name for example,
so you can explicitly ignore some files here.
Now there also are more options you can set up.
Here's the official documentation which unfortunately isn't that great
but if you work with it a little bit, you get used to it and know how to use it.
So here I'm on the page which defines how we can configure this build process, so exactly what we configure
here in this config file.
Now there, you'll see all the different properties you can set up like swDest, the destination of the
to-be created service worker.
You see you can also specify an input service worker which will basically be expanded,
now I'll come back to this in the next lectures.
Here you see the other things you already know, globPatterns, globDirectory and there are more options,
feel free to browse
through this,
a link can be found at the end of this module of course,
to find out if you need to set up something special in your project.
Now one thing I definitely want to do for now is in my setup here,
I want to finetune the globPattern.
I don't want to pull in all files, I want to get rid of the images for example because I don't want
to import all these icons. So I'll add a new pattern, simply as a new element in this array and there I'll say
in the source images folder and this has to be seen relative from the directory you defined here,
so public source is the full path but just specifies source images.
So in that folder, I want to store all, let's say jpg and png files, this would be the globPattern
for this.
Now this ensures that I don't pull in files from the icons subfolder because I don't have **/
which would be a wild card for any subfolder,
I just have a wildcard for the name but only files in the images folder itself.
So this already makes sure I don't pull in all these unnecessary images.
Additionally we could say I don't want to precache the help page because we hadn't done that before.
So in globIgnores, I'm going to add help/**
which means don't put anything into this
which is below the help folder.
So basically if that's a file or if it's a subfolder or a file in a subfolder, everything will be ignored.
Now this is the set up I want to go with for now,
so with that, let's open our terminal again and let's rerun this npm run generate-sw command
we set up. This will now generate a new service worker and overwrite the old one
and there you can see, the file manifest got a bit leaner.
We still clash a lot of files obviously but all the icons and so on are gone.
Now you can continue tweaking this but for me, this is already looking better here
and we now got a file manifest which makes more sense for me.
Still we're not precaching any of our fonts or CSS files we're pulling in from a CDN. Now for that, we'll
use a new feature and this new feature will be related to routing, so that we store some assets when
we pull them from a certain URL in a special cache and this can easily be implemented with
workbox.
Let's explore how that works in the next lecture.